Allow overrides to have a more strict mutability than super (#9344)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/inheritance.rst

Base functions can be overridden by inheriting contracts to change their
behavior if they are marked as ``virtual``. The overriding function must then
use the ``override`` keyword in the function header.

> The overriding function may not change the visibility of the overridden function except from ``external`` to ``public``.

Reviewer: I would rather phrase this positively:
```suggestion
The overriding function may only change the visibility of the overridden function from ``external`` to ``public``.
```

> The mutability may be changed to a more strict one following this order of strictness:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mutability may be changed to a more strict one following the order:
```

> ``nonpayable`` can be overridden by ``view`` which can be overridden by ``pure``.

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth it to be very explicit here, like:
```suggestion
``nonpayable`` can be overridden by ``view`` and ``pure``
``view`` can be overriden by ``pure``
```

``payable`` is an exception and cannot be changed to any other mutability.

The following example demonstrates changing mutability and visibility:

::

    // SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0

>     pragma solidity >0.6.0 <0.8.0;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    pragma solidity >0.6.99 <0.8.0;
```

    contract Base
    {

>         function foo() virtual view external {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        function foo() virtual external view {}
```

    }

    contract Middle is Base {}

    contract Inherited is Middle
    {

>         function foo() public pure override {}

Reviewer 2: Please put `override` and `virtual` in the same location in base and inherited.
